hello it's kelley from half price
perfumes and i just wanted to talk to
you today about a really cute little
product if anyone's got any little girls
or nieces or siblings coming up to
Christmas time and you want a really
cute little extra present to go in the
stocking or on its own this is a Disney
Princess sleepover bag everyone what's
this new I still looked its new and and
it's got some very cute things inside
you see inside you can put all your
sleepover stuff pajamas and toothbrush
is face wipes anything like that and it
comes with three four five are inside it
obviously it's aimed at small children
so it's not very makeup heavy I'm not
suggesting you know you've got lots of
makeup on your children or anything like
that but it has got some really totally
little products you've got a heart
shaped nail buffer you can do manicures
like a fun little activity to do
together you've got a lip black is Belle
from Beauty and the Beast and a very
pretty little nail polish as well I'll
quite some neutral colors there and they
smell really lovely just show you those
a bit closer and the nail varnish there
as well just really cute girly little
things that everyone can enjoy and then
in the last package but more the same
another cute nail varnish in the same
color sorry ended in a different color
and this time we've got Cinderella
starring on the package there and we've
got whole entire set of lip glosses and
they're really cute
there's a few different colors in there
and they do smell really nice as well
yeah so you can fit everything in there
that you can you need it's really cute
it doesn't have to just be a sleepover
bag you can use it you know to bring
your spots get in for school anything
like that here's your lip brush it
really pretty as well the nice and
sparkly lots of lovely little girly
colors in there you've got pinks purples
Reds cream silvers and they smell really
lovely really fruity bit like posh
shampoo so yeah if you run a little own
perfect little gift bag for Christmas
check out the Disney sleepover bag on
half-price perfumes Co WK